游泳衣：{


Excellent quality: The smooth fabric material is stretchy, comfortable, and soft, ensuring you will thoroughly enjoy wearing it.

The pattern in the torso accentuates your curves and hides any imperfections perfectly while still being flattering.

This swimsuit endows you a special feeling of confidence, beauty, and joy in vacation, honeymoon, beach trip, pool party, and various water activities.

Classic coverage: The swimwear top complements with the printed bottom, of which adjustable strap design is elegant for decoration, very fashionable, and creative.

Smooth fabric, the bikini swimsuit sets are very stretchy, comfortable, and durable. You will look amazing during your beach vacation, at a swimming pool, in Hawaii, or even on your honeymoon at your own special location.

Fashion bikini sets made of 85% polyester and 15% spandex. Great gift for your lovers, friends, or yourself.

Soft stretch quick-drying high-quality fabric, very comfortable to wear. Please select the size according to the size chart.

Occasion: Vintage bathing suits for women, bright color and modest style, slim swimsuits sets in various floral print, perfect beachwear for tropical vacations, summer, beach & pool with the chic pattern.

The super sexy design looks very cute, comfortable, and flattering. You do not have to worry about having awkward tan lines while wearing it.

Adjustable straps secure the bathing suit well during swimming, and provide more support and lift.

Perfect for summer, beach party, pool party, SPA, solarium, Hawaiian vacation etc. Retro solid color will show you more flattering

Material: the bathing suit made of 82% nylon and 18% spandex. quick-drying, good elasticity and permeability, smooth durable fabric is very stretchy, soft and comfy

}游泳衣

水龙头：{

High-Quality Brass as Material the Product Uses Brass as Raw Material, Which Has Strong Anti-Corrosion Performance and Durability

Noise Reduction, Silence, and Splash Protection Design Water-Saving 30%

Brushed nickel finish, resist corrosion and tarnishing through everyday use

The Faucet Spout Nozzles Are Available to Meet Your Different Needs

Easy Operation: Double Lever Design for Effortless Flow and Temperature Control

Premium Quality: Solid Brass Construction Ensures Quality and Reliability (if There Is Any Problem with The Item, Contact Us to Solve It)

Sink Faucet Brushed Nickel Finish: Fashion Classic Retro Design; Fingerprint Free, Resist Corrosion; Deck Mounted Vanity Faucet Suitable for Rent House, New Condo, Single-Apartment, Motor Home, Travel Trailer, and Family Use

Solid Brass construction for maximum durability

Hand-polished single-lever handle; includes ceramic discs for improved longevity

Spot Resistant: Spot Resist stainless finish resists fingerprints and water spots for a cleaner looking kitchen

Product Component Surface After Multi-Layer Electroplating Treatment, Anti-Oxidation, Easy to Clean

Warranty: 15 Days Free Return for Any Reason. You Have 7 Days to Contact Us and 30 Days to Return It After You Received It if You Are Not Satisfied with The Product

Easy Installation: Everything you need is together in one box, supply lines that are integrated into the faucet for one less leak point

Lead-Free Protection –  these third-party tested drinking water faucets are safe and offer long-lasting water reliability

Easy To Clean: kitchen faucets with Touch-Clean spray holes allow you to quickly and easily wipe away calcium and lime build-up with a touch of a finger, so no need to soak or use chemical cleaners

Functional Home Decor – These  water faucets come in vibrant color choices, brushed nickel, oil rubbed bronze and polished chrome

}水龙头











电推子：{Precision Trimmer Blades, Designed for smooth, quick, and precise clipping performance on all types of hair with high quality long lasting high-carbon enhanced self-sharpening precision stainless steel blades
T-Blade Trimmer Design, The Close-cutting, carbon-steel T-blade for lining, designing, and dry shaving - Zero gapped. This wireless hair clipper is weighed less than 0.6 pound boasts an ergonomic design for easy maneuvering and optimal control that helps you to avoid hand, wrist, and arm fatigue during a busy day
Powerful & Durable Motor, Quiet, low noise superior performance haircut machine. no-snag cutting. Powerful Rotary motor for increased speed, power, and life
Rechargeable Battery, Environmentally friendly lithium battery, Large capacity battery
Charging is perfect for your daily and travel use, you can take it anywhere, charge it through your computer, power bank, car charger, more secure and convenient
}电推子